(upbeat music)
♪ Secret ♪
♪ I've got a secret and I can't explain ♪
♪ All the time I've waited for this day ♪
♪ All along I was never in doubt ♪
♪ I always knew it would never get out ♪
♪ There are things that I cannot tell ♪
♪ And there are things
that you know damn well ♪
♪ This is getting very hard for me ♪
♪ I guess you'd better just wait and see ♪
♪ Shout ♪
♪ This is all ♪
♪ This is all, oh-oh ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ Secret ♪
♪ You heard a message and
the message was clear ♪
♪ All the time you wipe away that tear ♪
♪ All I want is to hold your hand ♪
♪ To see the sun and walk the sand ♪
♪ You make me sad as you make me glad ♪
♪ And now you see all
my secret is, is love ♪
♪ Is love, is love ♪
♪ My secret is, is love ♪
♪ Everyday you're always there ♪
♪ You comfort me ♪
♪ And make me feel it's worth my while ♪
♪ And then I look around
and you're not there ♪
♪ And every day you say you care ♪
♪ And I'll beware ♪
♪ Secret ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ This is all ♪
♪ This is all, oh-oh ♪
♪ I got a secret and I can't explain ♪
♪ This is all ♪
♪ Secret ♪
♪ All I want is to hold your hand ♪
♪ This is all, oh-oh ♪
♪ All along I was never in doubt ♪
♪ This is all ♪
♪ Secret ♪
♪ To see the sun and to walk the sand ♪
♪ This is all, oh-oh ♪
♪ Secret ♪
♪ I got a secret and I can't explain ♪
♪ This is all ♪
♪ Secret ♪